==========
1.3 -> 1.4
==========

-------
Changes
-------

Menu command interface was added.

Graphics functions were optimized.

Removed "last_multi" so that "again" command always executes previous command
only once. This is to prevent, for example, repeated prompts for the object
and direction of the "throw" command after a count was used.

When "pick up" command is used, and gold and one item are at player's
location, pick up gold but ask before picking up item.

During saved game playback no sound effects are played and dungeon now
scrolls.

Key selector is positioned so as to avoid obscuring current position of
cursor.

First byte of SRAM is skipped due to incompatibility with some hardware.

----------
Bugs fixed
----------

If you are levitating, and zap a wand of digging downwards, you'll still fall
into the hole you make.

Reading a scroll of food detection while you are confused is supposed to
detect potions. What it actually does is detect potions, except that when
counting the number of potions to show, it still counts food. This can cause
problems when there are different numbers of potions and foods on the board.

A scroll of destroy armor fails to operate on your shield.

If you read a scroll of enchant weapon while confused, the program fails to
check to see if you're actually wielding a weapon, which means that you can
wield your armor and rustproof it with an enchant weapon scroll.

Enchant or damage weapon, read while confused, fail to check for plural in
stating what happens to the weapon.

There doesn't seem to be any limit on how many hit points your pet can have.
Therefore, the pet can get negative or zero hit points if it wraps around
(past 127).

Wielding a dead cockatrice is safe, even if you aren't wearing gloves. (Gloves
are still required to safely pick one up, though, and you can't remove the
gloves while wielding it.)

Eating a dead bat sets confusion to 50, instead of adding 50. If you are very
confused, eating the bat could conceivably reduce your confusion.

When you wield a dead cockatrice against monsters, you are told that they turn
to stone, but the monsters only leave normal corpses.

A long worm that dies without leaving a corpse fails to print the worm tooth
on the screen.

If you eat a lump of royal jelly and it increases your strength but does
nothing else that would change the status line, the program fails to update
the status line.

Doing an inventory of gold will produce the response "1 gold pieces" (instead
of piece) if you only have 1.

A cockatrice that hits another cockatrice turns it to stone. However, when
you hit a cockatrice with a cockatrice corpse nothing happens.

When you zap a wand of undead turning at a corpse to bring it back to life,
the corpse doesn't get erased from the screen.

A cancelled rust monster can still rust your helmet, though not your armor.
A scorpion cannot be cancelled.

If you are confused and read a scroll of fire, you are damaged by the scroll
catching fire and burning your hands even if you are fire resistant.

You are damaged by scrolls catching fire after being hit by dragon fire or
bouncing wands of fire even if you are fire resistant.

'M' character remains on SDOOR after mimic is killed.



==========
1.4 -> 1.5
==========

-------
Changes
-------

Graphical tile mode was added (on by default).

Sound effects were changed, and new ones were added.

Cursor now wraps around at top and bottom of menus.

----------
Bugs fixed
----------

Lockup in xmore() caused by docrt() calling cls() calling more() calling
xmore() infinitely because flags.toplin was set. Fixed by setting
flags.toplin to 0 before calling docrt().



==========
1.5 -> 1.6
==========

-------
Changes
-------

Progress bar was added and is displayed by default when restoring saved game.
Visible playback can be toggled on/off by pressing A button. Visible playback
can be slowed by holding down B button.

levl[] was moved from EWRAM to IWRAM and data types of bitfields were adjusted
to conserve memory.

----------
Bugs fixed
----------

Player tile was displayed as guard when u.ux,u.uy did not match '@' position.

Dungeon offset did not follow cursor in getpos(). Previous bug prevented this
from being fixed.
